Update mxo 1.2.0 (#829)
braintree/braintree_android: CHANGELOG.md

# Braintree Android SDK Release Notes

## unreleased

* PayPalNativeCheckout
  * Bump native-checkout version to release `1.2.0`

>   * Adding in support for the merchant passed email feature (opt in only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added support for merchant passed email (opt in only)
```

>   * Adding in support for the merchant passed email feature (opt in only)

Reviewer 2: Can we update this to something like "add `setUserAuthenticationEmail() to PayPalNativeRequest"?

>   * Adding in support for the merchant passed email feature (opt in only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Add support for merchant passed email (opt in only)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
